rotate-on-read ldap doc (#2829)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/api-docs/secret/ldap.mdx

- `skip_static_role_import_rotation` `(bool: false)` - The default value to use for `skip_import_rotation` when
  creating static roles. This field can be overridden on an individual role level during [role creation](#static-roles).
  See the [static roles section](#static-roles) for more detailed information and caveats.
- `rotate_on_read` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  When `true`, Vault rotates the static role credential each time it is read from
  `/{mount_path}/static-cred/{role_name}`, subject to the cooldown period. Applies

>   to all static roles on the mount. Can be overridden per role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `rotate_on_read` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  When `true`, Vault rotates the static role credential on each read from
  `/{mount_path}/static-cred/{role_name}` as long as the read happens outside
  the configured cooldown period. The roate on read configuration applies to all
  static roles on the mount, but you can ooverride the setting for individual roles.
```

  value set on the `password` field until the password rotates (either automatically or manually by `rotate-role`).
  The `skip_import_rotation` field overrides `skip_static_role_import_rotation` from the ldap config if both are set.
- `rotation_policy` `(string: "")` – <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  The name of the rotation policy to apply when Vault Enterprise is rotating
  the credential. Vault uses the values defined in the rotation
  policy to manage backoff and retries when automatically rotating credentials. If
  you do not set a rotation policy, Vault applies the default rotation policy. Refer to
  [rotation policy documentation](/vault/docs/enterprise/automated-credential-rotation/rotation-policies) for more information.
- `rotate_on_read` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  Overrides the mount-level `rotate_on_read` setting for this role. When `true`,
  Vault rotates the credential each time it is read, subject to the cooldown period.
- `rotate_on_read_cooldown` `(duration: "1m")` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  Overrides the mount-level `rotate_on_read_cooldown` for this role. Minimum time

>   between rotate-on-read rotations. Set to `0` to rotate on every read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rotate_on_read` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  Overrides the mount-level `rotate_on_read` setting for the role. When `true`,
  Vault rotates the credential on each read as long as the read happens outside
  the configured cooldown period.
- `rotate_on_read_cooldown` `(duration: "1m")` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  Overrides the mount-level `rotate_on_read_cooldown` configuration for the role.
  Set to `0` to rotate on every read.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun
